Update README format that allows to provide enough information about APIs (#185)
optuna/optunahub-registry: template/README.md

More users will take advantage of your package by providing detailed and helpful documentation.

**Example**

- `MoCmaSampler(*, search_space: dict[str, BaseDistribution] | None = None, popsize: int | None = None, seed: int | None = None)`
  - `search_space`: A dictionary containing the search space that defines the parameter space. The keys are the parameter names and the values are [the parameter's distribution](https://optuna.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/distributions.html). If the search space is not provided, the sampler will infer the search space dynamically.
    Example:
    ```python
    search_space = {
        "x": optuna.distributions.FloatDistribution(-5, 5),
        "y": optuna.distributions.FloatDistribution(-5, 5),
    }
    MoCmaSampler(search_space=search_space)
    ```
  - `popsize`: Population size of the CMA-ES algorithm. If not provided, the population size will be set based on the search space dimensionality. If you have a sufficient evaluation budget, it is recommended to increase the popsize.
  - `seed`: Seed for random number generator.

> Note that because of the limitation of the algorithm, only non-conditional numerical parameters are sampled by the MO-CMA-ES algorithm, and categorical parameters and conditional parameters are handled by random sampling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that because of the limitation of the algorithm, only non-conditional numerical parameters can be sampled by the MO-CMA-ES algorithm, and categorical and conditional parameters are handled by random search.
```
